W-11838056-permissions by product (#296)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/permissions-by-product.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Platform has a variety of permissions to control user access to various areas of the software. While each product owns its own permissions, most of the following permissions can be assigned to xref:teams.adoc[teams], granted to xref:users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[individual users], or combined to create xref:roles.adoc#create-custom-roles[roles (deprecated)]. Others can be assigned in their respective product interfaces. Additionally, some permissions are configurable at the environment or business group level. When you configure permissions, note that some products require permissions from other products to use them properly. For example, Anypoint Monitoring requires users to have certain Runtime Manager permissions in addition to Anypoint Monitoring-related permissions. See each product's documentation to determine which permissions your users need and how to set them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform has a variety of permissions to control user access to various areas of the software. While each product owns its own permissions, most of the following permissions can be assigned to xref:teams.adoc[teams], granted to xref:users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[individual users], or combined to create xref:roles.adoc#create-custom-roles[roles (deprecated)]. Others can be assigned in their respective product interfaces. Additionally, some permissions are configurable at the environment or business group level. 
+
Some products require permissions from other products to use them properly. For example, Anypoint Monitoring requires users to have certain Runtime Manager permissions in addition to Anypoint Monitoring-related permissions. See each product's documentation to determine which permissions your users need and how to set them.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting that you break up the paragraph as noted.

Depending on your organization, its licensing, and its entitlements, you might not see all of these permissions during configuration. 

== Access Management

Organization Administrator:: At the root organization level, grants a user most permissions available in Anypoint Platform, including but not limited to secrets management, network administration, and other view, modify, execute, and delete permissions. The Organization Administrator permission also grants access to the Organization Administration page, where the user can add and manage users and permissions, view and edit organization details, access API Manager > Client Applications, access the client ID and client secret for the organization, and customize the theme of the Developer Portal. This permission enables a user to edit all versions of all APIs, all registered applications, and all API Portals in Anypoint Platform. +
For security reasons, MuleSoft recommends distributing this permission to as few users as possible.

> Audit Log Config Manager:: Enables a user to configure the retention period for audit logs over their organization. This permission must be applied at the root organization level. This permission appears only if the organization has the modern UI enabled in Access Management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Audit Log Config Manager:: Enables users to configure the retention period for audit logs across their organizations. Apply this permission at the root organization level. This permission appears only if the organization has the modern UI enabled in Access Management.
```

Reviewer: Changed "user" to "users" to match the "their organizations."

Depending on your organization, its licensing, and its entitlements, you might not see all of these permissions during configuration. 

== Access Management

Organization Administrator:: At the root organization level, grants a user most permissions available in Anypoint Platform, including but not limited to secrets management, network administration, and other view, modify, execute, and delete permissions. The Organization Administrator permission also grants access to the Organization Administration page, where the user can add and manage users and permissions, view and edit organization details, access API Manager > Client Applications, access the client ID and client secret for the organization, and customize the theme of the Developer Portal. This permission enables a user to edit all versions of all APIs, all registered applications, and all API Portals in Anypoint Platform. +
For security reasons, MuleSoft recommends distributing this permission to as few users as possible.

> Audit Log Config Manager:: Enables a user to configure the retention period for audit logs over their organization. This permission must be applied this permission at the root organization level. This permission appears only if the organization has the modern UI enabled in Access Management.

Author: ```suggestion
Audit Log Config Manager:: Enables a user to configure the retention period for audit logs over their organization. This permission must be applied at the root organization level. This permission appears only if the organization has the modern UI enabled in Access Management.
```

Audit Log Viewer:: Enables a user to view audit logs in Access Management.

== Anypoint Code Builder

> 
> // needs to drop the anypoint in the UI

Author: ```suggestion
```

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Platform has a variety of permissions to control user access to various areas of the software. While each product owns its own permissions, most of the following permissions can be assigned to xref:teams.adoc[teams], granted to xref:users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[individual users], or combined to create xref:roles.adoc#create-custom-roles[roles (deprecated)]. Others can be assigned in their respective product interfaces. Additionally, some permissions are configurable at the environment or business group level. 

Reviewer: Suggestion: to control > that control

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform has a variety of permissions that control user access to various areas of the software. While each product owns its own permissions, most of the following permissions can be assigned to xref:teams.adoc[teams], granted to xref:users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[individual users], or combined to create xref:roles.adoc#create-custom-roles[roles (deprecated)]. Others can be assigned in their respective product interfaces. Additionally, some permissions are configurable at the environment or business group level. 
```

Some products require permissions from other products to use them properly. For example, Anypoint Monitoring requires users to have certain Runtime Manager permissions in addition to Anypoint Monitoring-related permissions. See each product's documentation to determine which permissions your users need and how to set them.

Depending on your organization, its licensing, and its entitlements, you might not see all of these permissions during configuration. 

== Access Management

> Organization Administrator:: At the root organization level, grants a user most permissions available in Anypoint Platform, including but not limited to secrets management, network administration, and other view, modify, execute, and delete permissions. The Organization Administrator permission also grants access to the Organization Administration page, where the user can add and manage users and permissions, view and edit organization details, access API Manager > Client Applications, access the client ID and client secret for the organization, and customize the theme of the Developer Portal. This permission enables a user to edit all versions of all APIs, all registered applications, and all API Portals in Anypoint Platform. +

Reviewer: Break up this big paragraph with blank, horizontal lines (+)

> Organization Administrator:: At the root organization level, grants a user most permissions available in Anypoint Platform, including but not limited to secrets management, network administration, and other view, modify, execute, and delete permissions. The Organization Administrator permission also grants access to the Organization Administration page, where the user can add and manage users and permissions, view and edit organization details, access API Manager > Client Applications, access the client ID and client secret for the organization, and customize the theme of the Developer Portal. This permission enables a user to edit all versions of all APIs, all registered applications, and all API Portals in Anypoint Platform. +

Author: ```suggestion
Organization Administrator:: At the root organization level, grants a user most permissions available in Anypoint Platform, including but not limited to secrets management, network administration, and other view, modify, execute, and delete permissions. 
+
The Organization Administrator permission also grants access to the Organization Administration page, where the user can add and manage users and permissions, view and edit organization details, access API Manager > Client Applications, access the client ID and client secret for the organization, and customize the theme of the Developer Portal. This permission enables a user to edit all versions of all APIs, all registered applications, and all API Portals in Anypoint Platform. 
+
```

For security reasons, MuleSoft recommends distributing this permission to as few users as possible.

> Audit Log Config Manager:: Enables a user to configure the retention period for audit logs across their organization. +

Reviewer: Gobal - put the plus sign on its own line.

> Audit Log Config Manager:: Enables a user to configure the retention period for audit logs across their organization. +

Author: ```suggestion
Audit Log Config Manager:: Enables a user to configure the retention period for audit logs across their organization. 
+
```

Apply this permission at the root organization level. This permission appears only if the organization has the modern UI enabled in Access Management.

Audit Log Viewer:: Enables a user to view audit logs in Access Management.

== Anypoint Code Builder

Anypoint Code Builder Developer:: Enables a user to create and use Anypoint Code Builder WebIDE instances.

== API Catalog

API Catalog Contributor:: Enables a user to catalog assets and other resources using API Catalog.

== API Experience Hub

API Experience Hub Admin:: Enables a user to view, create, modify, and delete content in API Experience Hub.

> API Experience Hub Community User:: Enables a user to view but not modify content in API Experience Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Experience Hub Community User:: Enables a user to view, but not modify content in API Experience Hub.
```

Some products require permissions from other products to use them properly. For example, Anypoint Monitoring requires users to have certain Runtime Manager permissions in addition to Anypoint Monitoring-related permissions. See each product's documentation to determine which permissions your users need and how to set them.

Depending on your organization, its licensing, and its entitlements, you might not see all of these permissions during configuration. 

== Access Management

Organization Administrator:: At the root organization level, grants a user most permissions available in Anypoint Platform, including but not limited to secrets management, network administration, and other view, modify, execute, and delete permissions. 
+

> The Organization Administrator permission also grants access to the Organization Administration page, where the user can add and manage users and permissions, view and edit organization details, access API Manager > Client Applications, access the client ID and client secret for the organization, and customize the theme of the Developer Portal. This permission enables a user to edit all versions of all APIs, all registered applications, and all API Portals in Anypoint Platform. 

Reviewer: I think that API Manager > Client Applications should be bold.

Author: ```suggestion
The Organization Administrator permission also grants access to the Organization Administration page, where the user can add and manage users and permissions, view and edit organization details, access *API Manager > Client Applications*, access the client ID and client secret for the organization, and customize the theme of the Developer Portal. This permission enables a user to edit all versions of all APIs, all registered applications, and all API Portals in Anypoint Platform. 
```

include::partial$include-permissions-api-manager-pre-crowd.adoc[]

////
== Composer

// Unlisted for now but will need to be cleaned up

Composer User:: Enables a user to create and manage flows.

> Composer Admin:: Enables a user to invite and manage users in addition to creating and managing flows. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composer Admin:: Enables a user to invite and manage users in addition to creating and managing flows. 
```

////

== Data Gateway

Data Gateway Administrator:: Enables a user to have full access to Data Gateway Designer.

> Data Gateway Viewer:: Enables a user to have read only access to Data Gateway Designer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Gateway Viewer:: Enables a user to have read-only access to Data Gateway Designer.
```

== DataGraph

Contribute:: Enables a user to:
+

> * Add source APIs to the unified schema

Reviewer: These bullet items need periods.
Global - check all bullet items to see if they need periods. I think most of them do, since they are full sentences.

> * Add source APIs to the unified schema
> * Edit any source API schema added to the unified schema
> * Request access to run queries
> * Promote API schemas to an environment
> * View query traces in real time while running queries from the UI
> * Download a copy of the unified schema from the query editor

Author: ```suggestion
* Add source APIs to the unified schema.
* Edit any source API schema added to the unified schema.
* Request access to run queries.
* Promote API schemas to an environment.
* View query traces in real-time while running queries from the UI.
* Download a copy of the unified schema from the query editor.
```

Consume:: Enables a user to: 
+

> * View and explore the unified schema
> * Request access to run queries and make data requests from the UI
> * Download a copy of the unified schema from the query editor

Author: ```suggestion
* View and explore the unified schema.
* Request access to run queries and make data requests from the UI.
* Download a copy of the unified schema from the query editor.
```

Operate:: Enables a user to: 
+

> * View customer-facing logs 
> * Set a dedicated load balancer URL for Anypoint Datagraph

Author: ```suggestion
* View customer-facing logs.
* Set a dedicated load balancer URL for Anypoint Datagraph.
```

DataGraph Admin:: Enables a user to:
+

> * Contribute, consume, and operate the unified schema
> * View usage metrics

Author: ```suggestion
* Contribute, consume, and operate the unified schema.
* View usage metrics.
```

DataGraph Project - Contributor:: Enables a user to:
+

> * Add source APIs to the unified schema
> * Edit any source API schema added to the unified schema
> * Request access to run queries
> * Promote API schemas to an environment
> * View query traces in real time while running queries from the UI
> * Download a copy of the unified schema from the query editor in a specific project

Author: ```suggestion
* Add source APIs to the unified schema.
* Edit any source API schema added to the unified schema.
* Request access to run queries.
* Promote API schemas to an environment.
* View query traces in real-time while running queries from the UI.
* Download a copy of the unified schema from the query editor in a specific project.
```

DataGraph Project - Operator:: Enables a user to view customer-facing logs and set a dedicated load balancer URL for Anypoint Datagraph in a specific project.

DataGraph Project - Admin::  Enables a user to: 
+

> * Contribute, consume, and operate the unified schema
> * View usage metrics in a specific project

Author: ```suggestion
* Contribute, consume, and operate the unified schema.
* View usage metrics in a specific project.
```

== Design Center

> Design Center Developer:: Enables a user to view, create, and manage all projects within a business group. +

Author: ```suggestion
Design Center Developer:: Enables a user to view, create, and manage all projects within a business group. 
+
```

> Use this permission to set up administrators for all the projects within a specific business group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this permission to set up administrators for all projects within a specific business group.
```

> Design Center Creator:: Enables a user to create projects in Design Center from the navigation panel and view all projects created or shared with the user. +

Author: ```suggestion
Design Center Creator:: Enables a user to create projects in Design Center from the navigation panel and view all projects created or shared with the user. 
+
```

Use this permission to invite users to create, edit, and maintain your projects.
Design Center Viewer:: Enables a user to view all Design Center projects within a business group and test projects with the Mocking Service. +
Users with this permission cannot create new projects, edit or rename existing projects, or share projects with another user. 
+
Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.

Design Center also has project level permissions: 

> Project Administrator:: Enables a user to manage and share a Design Center project within a business group. +

Author: ```suggestion
Project Administrator:: Enables a user to manage and share a Design Center project within a business group. 
+
```

Use this permission to set up administrators for all the projects within a specific business group.

> Project Editor:: Enables a user to edit a Design Center project within a business group. +

Author: ```suggestion
Project Editor:: Enables a user to edit a Design Center project within a business group. 
+
```

Use this permission to invite users to create, edit, and maintain your projects.

> Project Viewer:: Enables a user to view a Design Center project within a business group and test projects with the Mocking Service. +

Author: ```suggestion
Project Viewer:: Enables a user to view a Design Center project within a business group and test projects with the Mocking Service. 
+
```

Users with this permission cannot create a new project, edit or rename the existing project, or share the project with another user. 
+
Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.

// where did the project-level permissions go?

== Exchange

> Exchange Administrator:: Enables users to: 

Reviewer: Most of these have "Enables a user to...". Gllobal: this should be consistent.

Author: ```suggestion
Exchange Administrator:: Enables a user to: 
```

+

> * View, create, and download assets within a business group
> * Edit asset portal content in an existing asset version 

Author: ```suggestion
* View, create, and download assets within a business group.
* Edit asset portal content in an existing asset version.
```

+
Users with this permission have all the same access as users with the Exchange contributor and Exchange viewer permissions, and access to share an asset with another user, deprecate an asset, and delete an asset. 
+

> Use this permission to set up Exchange administrators for all the assets within a specific business group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this permission to set up Exchange administrators for all assets within a specific business group.
```

> Exchange Contributor:: Enables users to view, create, and download assets within a business group. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exchange Contributor:: Enables a user to view, create, and download assets within a business group. 
+
```

Users with this permission can edit asset portal content in an existing asset version. 
+
Use this permission to invite users to edit and maintain your asset portal descriptions.

> Exchange Viewer:: Enables users to view and download assets within a business group. +

Author: ```suggestion
Exchange Viewer:: Enables a user to view and download assets within a business group. 
+
```

Users with this permission cannot add new assets, edit asset portal content, or share an asset with another user. 
+
Assign this permission to those who consume your assets in a specific business group.

> Exchange Creator:: Enables users to create new assets within a business group’s catalog, but cannot modify assets or asset versions created by other users in the business group. +

Author: ```suggestion
Exchange Creator:: Enables a user to create new assets within a business group’s catalog, but cannot modify assets or asset versions created by other users in the business group. 
+
```

Once the users with this permission create an asset, the Asset Administrator permission is automatically assigned for the assets they create. The Asset Administrator permission allows these users to modify only the assets that they create. 
+
Use this permission to restrict modification of assets other than assets created by this user while allowing all developers across all teams in a business group to create new assets in Exchange.

> Asset Viewer:: Enables users to view and download an asset. +

Author: ```suggestion
Asset Viewer:: Enables a user to view and download an asset. 
+
```

Users with this permission cannot edit asset portal content or share an asset with another user. 
+
Use this permission to invite a user outside your business group to view and download an asset.

> Asset Contributor:: Enables users to view, add a new version, and download an asset. 

Author: ```suggestion
Asset Contributor:: Enables a user to view, add a new version, and download an asset. 
```

+
Use this permission to invite a user outside your business group to view, download, and add edit portal content for an asset.

> Asset Administrator:: Enables users to view, create, download, deprecate, and delete an asset. +
> Users with this permission have the same access as users with the Exchange Administrators permission, but on only a single asset. +

Author: ```suggestion
Asset Administrator:: Enables a user to view, create, download, deprecate, and delete an asset. 
+
Users with this permission have the same access as users with the Exchange Administrator permission, but on only a single asset. 
+
```

This permission is assigned by default to an asset creator. 
+
Use this permission to extend administrator permissions to an asset to an additional user.

== Monitoring

Monitoring Administrator:: Enables a user to view, create, modify, and delete content in Anypoint Monitoring.

Monitoring Viewer:: Enables a user to view but not modify content in Anypoint Monitoring.

== MQ

View clients:: Enables a user to view all client apps, including client app IDs and client secrets for each client app.

View destinations:: Enables a user to:
+

> * View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL)
> * View In Queue messages 
> * View In Flight message stats

Author: ```suggestion
* View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL).
* View In Queue messages. 
* View In Flight message stats.
```

Clear destinations:: Enables a user to: 
+

> * View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL)
> * View In Queue messages
> * View In Flight message stats
> * Clear destinations

Author: ```suggestion
* View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL).
* View In Queue messages.
* View In Flight message stats.
* Clear destinations.
```

Manage clients:: Enables a user to: 
+

> * View all client apps, including client app IDs and client secrets for each client app
> * Create client apps

Author: ```suggestion
* View all client apps, including client app IDs and client secrets for each client app.
* Create client apps.
```

Administer destinations:: Enables a user to:
+

> * View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL)
> * View In Queue messages
> * View In Flight message stats
> * Clear destinations
> * Create new queues, message exchanges, and bindings
> * Edit existing queues, message exchanges, and bindings
> * Purge messages from queues

Author: ```suggestion
* View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL).
* View In Queue messages.
* View In Flight message stats.
* Clear destinations.
* Create new queues, message exchanges, and bindings.
* Edit existing queues, message exchanges, and bindings.
* Purge messages from queues.
```

Manage destinations (deprecated):: Enables a user to: 
+ 
* View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL)
* View In Queue messages
* View In Flight message stats
* Clear destinations
* Create new queues, message exchanges, and bindings
* Edit existing queues, message exchanges, and bindings
* Purge messages from queues
* Edit existing queues and message exchange settings
* Access Message Sender and Browser pages

> * Delete messages

Author: ```suggestion
* View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL).
* View In Queue messages.
* View In Flight message stats.
* Clear destinations.
* Create new queues, message exchanges, and bindings.
* Edit existing queues, message exchanges, and bindings.
* Purge messages from queues.
* Edit existing queues and message exchange settings.
* Access Message Sender and Browser pages.
* Delete messages.
```

+
This permission is deprecated. To achieve the same abilities as Manage permissions, assign these permissions to the user: 
+
* Administer destinations
* Destination subscriber for given environment
* Destination publisher for given environment

Destination subscriber for given environment:: Enables a user to consume messages from a destination and delete messages from a destination.

Destination publisher for given environment:: Enables a user to send messages to a destination and update message TTL on a destination.

Read MQ Stats:: Enables a user to view organization and environment statistics.

== Partner Manager

Partner Manager Administrator:: Enables a user to have complete access to the host, partner, message flow configurations, and transaction activity.

> View Host, Partners and Message Flows:: Enables a user to have view-only access to the host, partner, and message flow configurations. +

Author: ```suggestion
View Host, Partners and Message Flows:: Enables a user to have view-only access to the host, partner, and message flow configurations. 
+
```

This user cannot view transaction activity.

Manage Partners and Message Flows:: Enables a user to:
+

> * Create, modify, and delete partners or message flow configurations
> * View partner configurations

Author: ```suggestion
* Create, modify, and delete partners or message flow configurations.
* View partner configurations.
```

+
This user cannot view and manage transaction activity.

> Manage Activity:: Enables a user to view and manage transaction activity. +

Author: ```suggestion
Manage Activity:: Enables a user to view and manage transaction activity. 
+
```

This user cannot view or modify either partner or message flow configurations.

> Manage Host:: Enables a user to create, modify, and delete host configurations. +

Author: ```suggestion
Manage Host:: Enables a user to create, modify, and delete host configurations. 
+
```

This user cannot view or modify trading partner configurations or transaction activity. This access applies even if the user has the Organization Administrator permission.

> View Activity:: Enables a user have view-only access to transaction activity. +

Author: ```suggestion
View Activity:: Enables a user have view-only access to transaction activity. 
+
```

Manage Runtime Fabrics:: Enables a user to read, create, update and delete Runtime Fabric resources.

Manage Runtime Fabric:: Enables a user to read, create, update and delete Runtime Fabric resources. 

Manage Schedules:: Enables a user to run and update application schedules in a specific environment.

Manage Settings:: Enables a user to update application settings in a specific environment.

Manage Tenants:: Enables a user to create, update, and delete application tenants in a specific environment.

Read Alerts:: Enables a user to view alerts in a specific environment.

Read Applications:: Enables a user to view applications in a specific environment.

Manage Servers:: Enables a user to create, update, and delete server and flex gateways resources.

Read Servers:: Enables a user to view server and flex gateways resources.

Manage Application Flows:: Enables a user to update flows.

Create Applications:: Enables a user to create applications in a specific environment.

== Secrets Manager

Grant access to secrets:: Enables a user to browse, read metadata and grant access to secrets in a specific environment.

Manage secret groups:: Enables a user to: 
+

> * Create, modify, delete, read, and clone secret groups in a specific environment
> * Check if the user can initiate a new clone or restore operation

Author: ```suggestion
* Create, modify, delete, read, and clone secret groups in a specific environment.
* Check if the user can initiate a new clone or restore operation.
```

+
Users with this permission cannot create a new project, edit or rename the existing project, or share the project with another user. 
+
Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.

// where did the project-level permissions go?

== Exchange

Exchange Administrator:: Enables a user to: 
+
* View, create, and download assets within a business group.
* Edit asset portal content in an existing asset version.
+
Users with this permission have the same access as users with the Exchange contributor and Exchange viewer permissions, and access to share an asset with another user, deprecate an asset, and delete an asset. 
+
Use this permission to set up Exchange administrators for all assets within a specific business group.

Exchange Contributor:: Enables a user to view, create, and download assets within a business group. 
+
Users with this permission can edit asset portal content in an existing asset version. 
+
Use this permission to invite users to edit and maintain your asset portal descriptions.

Exchange Viewer:: Enables a user to view and download assets within a business group. 

> +
> Users with this permission cannot add new assets, edit asset portal content, or share an asset with another user. 

Author: ```suggestion
Users with this permission cannot add new assets, edit asset portal content, or share an asset with another user. 
```

+
Once the users with this permission create an asset, the Asset Administrator permission is automatically assigned for the assets they create. The Asset Administrator permission allows these users to modify only the assets that they create. 
+
Use this permission to restrict the modification of assets except for assets created by this user while allowing all developers across all teams in a business group to create new assets in Exchange.

Asset Viewer:: Enables a user to view and download an asset. 
Users with this permission cannot edit asset portal content or share an asset with another user. 
+
Use this permission to invite a user outside your business group to view and download an asset.

Asset Contributor:: Enables a user to view, add a new version, and download an asset. 
+
Use this permission to invite a user outside of your business group to view, download, and add edit portal content for an asset.

Asset Administrator:: Enables a user to view, create, download, deprecate, and delete an asset. 

> +
> Users with this permission have the same access as users with the Exchange Administrator permission, but on only a single asset. 
> +
> This permission is assigned by default to an asset creator. 

Author: ```suggestion
Users with this permission have the same access as users with the Exchange Administrator permission, but on only a single asset. This permission is assigned by default to an asset creator. 
```

DataGraph Project - Operator:: Enables a user to view customer-facing logs and set a dedicated load balancer URL for Anypoint Datagraph in a specific project.

DataGraph Project - Admin::  Enables a user to: 
+
* Contribute, consume, and operate the unified schema.
* View usage metrics in a specific project.

== Design Center

Design Center Developer:: Enables a user to view, create, and manage all projects within a business group. 
+
Use this permission to set up administrators for all projects within a specific business group.
Design Center Creator:: Enables a user to create projects in Design Center from the navigation panel and view all projects created or shared with the user. 
+
Use this permission to invite users to create, edit, and maintain your projects.
Design Center Viewer:: Enables a user to view all Design Center projects within a business group and test projects with the Mocking Service. +
Users with this permission cannot create new projects, edit or rename existing projects, or share projects with another user. 
+
Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.

> Design Center also has project level permissions: 

Reviewer: This is outdented. Maybe putting + before it would result in the correct formatting.

Project Administrator:: Enables a user to manage and share a Design Center project within a business group. 
+
Use this permission to set up administrators for all the projects within a specific business group.
Project Editor:: Enables a user to edit a Design Center project within a business group. 
+
Use this permission to invite users to create, edit, and maintain your projects.
Project Viewer:: Enables a user to view a Design Center project within a business group and test projects with the Mocking Service. 
+
Users with this permission cannot create a new project, edit or rename the existing project, or share the project with another user. 
+
Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.

// where did the project-level permissions go?

== Exchange

Exchange Administrator:: Enables a user to: 
+
* View, create, and download assets within a business group.
* Edit asset portal content in an existing asset version.
+

> Users with this permission have all the same access as users with the Exchange contributor and Exchange viewer permissions, and access to share an asset with another user, deprecate an asset, and delete an asset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with this permission have the same access as users with the Exchange contributor and Exchange viewer permissions, and access to share an asset with another user, deprecate an asset, and delete an asset. 
```

+
Use this permission to set up Exchange administrators for all assets within a specific business group.

Exchange Contributor:: Enables a user to view, create, and download assets within a business group. 
+
Users with this permission can edit asset portal content in an existing asset version. 
+
Use this permission to invite users to edit and maintain your asset portal descriptions.

Exchange Viewer:: Enables a user to view and download assets within a business group. 
+

> Users with this permission cannot add new assets, edit asset portal content, or share an asset with another user. 

Reviewer: Consider switching this text with the "Assign this permission..." text. It is negative, so I think it is better as the last blurb of info.

> Users with this permission cannot add new assets, edit asset portal content, or share an asset with another user. 

Reviewer: This might be better as the second sentence in the first paragraph. I know I asked you to separate text, but in this case, I think it is tightly-coupled with the initial text. Up to you.

+
Assign this permission to those who consume your assets in a specific business group.

> Exchange Creator:: Enables a user to create new assets within a business group’s catalog, but cannot modify assets or asset versions created by other users in the business group. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exchange Creator:: Enables a user to create new assets within a business group’s catalog. A user with this permission can't modify assets or asset versions created by other users in the business group. 
```

+
Once the users with this permission create an asset, the Asset Administrator permission is automatically assigned for the assets they create. The Asset Administrator permission allows these users to modify only the assets that they create. 
+

> Use this permission to restrict modification of assets other than assets created by this user while allowing all developers across all teams in a business group to create new assets in Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this permission to restrict the modification of assets except for assets created by this user while allowing all developers across all teams in a business group to create new assets in Exchange.
```

Asset Viewer:: Enables a user to view and download an asset. 

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Users with this permission cannot edit asset portal content or share an asset with another user. 
+
Use this permission to invite a user outside your business group to view and download an asset.

Asset Contributor:: Enables a user to view, add a new version, and download an asset. 
+

> Use this permission to invite a user outside your business group to view, download, and add edit portal content for an asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this permission to invite a user outside of your business group to view, download, and add edit portal content for an asset.
```

Asset Administrator:: Enables a user to view, create, download, deprecate, and delete an asset. 
+
Users with this permission have the same access as users with the Exchange Administrator permission, but on only a single asset. 
+
This permission is assigned by default to an asset creator. 
+

> Use this permission to extend administrator permissions to an asset to an additional user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this permission to extend administrator permissions for an asset to an additional user.
```

* View In Queue messages.
* View In Flight message stats.
* Clear destinations.

Manage clients:: Enables a user to: 
+
* View all client apps, including client app IDs and client secrets for each client app.
* Create client apps.

Administer destinations:: Enables a user to:
+
* View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL).
* View In Queue messages.
* View In Flight message stats.
* Clear destinations.
* Create new queues, message exchanges, and bindings.
* Edit existing queues, message exchanges, and bindings.
* Purge messages from queues.

Manage destinations (deprecated):: Enables a user to: 
+ 
* View all destinations and each destination’s settings (ID, Type, Message TTL, and Message Lock Default TTL).
* View In Queue messages.
* View In Flight message stats.
* Clear destinations.
* Create new queues, message exchanges, and bindings.
* Edit existing queues, message exchanges, and bindings.
* Purge messages from queues.
* Edit existing queues and message exchange settings.
* Access Message Sender and Browser pages.
* Delete messages.
+

> This permission is deprecated. To achieve the same abilities as Manage permissions, assign these permissions to the user: 

Reviewer: This is confusing. All of the permissions in the list are deprecated, so why is this one signaled out? Also, why is the extra text here?

Destination subscriber for given environment:: Enables a user to consume messages from a destination and delete messages from a destination.

Destination publisher for given environment:: Enables a user to send messages to a destination and update message TTL on a destination.

Read MQ Stats:: Enables a user to view organization and environment statistics.

== Partner Manager

Partner Manager Administrator:: Enables a user to have complete access to the host, partner, message flow configurations, and transaction activity.

View Host, Partners and Message Flows:: Enables a user to have view-only access to the host, partner, and message flow configurations. 
+
This user cannot view transaction activity.

Manage Partners and Message Flows:: Enables a user to:
+
* Create, modify, and delete partners or message flow configurations.
* View partner configurations.
+
This user cannot view and manage transaction activity.

Manage Activity:: Enables a user to view and manage transaction activity. 
+
This user cannot view or modify either partner or message flow configurations.

Manage Host:: Enables a user to create, modify, and delete host configurations. 
+

> This user cannot view or modify trading partner configurations or transaction activity. This access applies even if the user has the Organization Administrator permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This user cannot view or modify partner configurations or transaction activity. This access applies even if the user has the Organization Administrator permission.
```

View Activity:: Enables a user have view-only access to transaction activity. 
+
This user cannot view or modify either partner or message flow configurations.

== Runtime Manager

CloudHub Network Administrator:: Enables a user to manage CloudHub network resources.

CloudHub Network Viewer:: Enables a user to view CloudHub network resources.

Delete Applications:: Enables a user to delete applications in a specific environment.

Download Applications:: Enables a user to download application files in a specific environment.

Manage Alerts:: Enables a user to create, update, and delete application alerts in a specific environment.

Manage Application Data:: Enables a user to create and delete application data in a specific environment.

Manage Queues:: Enables a user to clear application queues in a specific environment.

Read Runtime Fabric:: Enables a user to query Runtime Fabrics in the organization.

> Manage Runtime Fabrics:: Enables a user to read, create, update and delete Runtime Fabric resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage Runtime Fabrics:: Enables a user to read, create, update, and delete Runtime Fabric resources.
```

> Manage Runtime Fabric:: Enables a user to read, create, update and delete Runtime Fabric resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage Runtime Fabric:: Enables a user to read, create, update, and delete Runtime Fabric resources. 
```

Manage Schedules:: Enables a user to run and update application schedules in a specific environment.

Manage Settings:: Enables a user to update application settings in a specific environment.

Manage Tenants:: Enables a user to create, update, and delete application tenants in a specific environment.

Read Alerts:: Enables a user to view alerts in a specific environment.

Read Applications:: Enables a user to view applications in a specific environment.

> Manage Servers:: Enables a user to create, update, and delete server and flex gateways resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage Servers:: Enables a user to create, update, and delete server and Flex Gateway resources.
```

> Read Servers:: Enables a user to view server and flex gateways resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read Servers:: Enables a user to view server and Flex Gateway resources.
```

Manage Application Flows:: Enables a user to update flows.

Create Applications:: Enables a user to create applications in a specific environment.

== Secrets Manager

Grant access to secrets:: Enables a user to browse, read metadata and grant access to secrets in a specific environment.

Manage secret groups:: Enables a user to: 
+
* Create, modify, delete, read, and clone secret groups in a specific environment.
* Check if the user can initiate a new clone or restore operation.

Read secrets metadata:: Enables a user to browse and read metadata of secrets in a specific environment.

Write secrets:: Enables a user to upload, create, modify secrets in a specific environment.

== Tokenization

> Manage Tokenization Services:: Enables a user to to view, create, edit and delete tokenization resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage Tokenization Services:: Enables a user to to view, create, edit, and delete tokenization resources.
```

> Manage Tokenization Formats:: Enables a user to view, create, edit and delete tokenization formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage Tokenization Formats:: Enables a user to view, create, edit, and delete tokenization formats.
```
